Update readme.md Feedback from interview with Vasyl (#16)
bookmd/code-interview: readme.md

- Removing providers

These changes are given to you asynchronously using the pubsub system.

> For this part, as we said before, assume providers are identified by their name, there are no duplicates in name. You should support **'upserting'**, which means that if a name doesn't exist - add as new provider, if it does - update it. The update will be a complete update and not a deep one (this means objects and arrays ub the updated provider will be replaced completely and not updated).

Author: ```suggestion
For this part, as we said before, assume providers are identified by their name, there are no duplicates in name. You should support **'upserting'**, which means that if a name doesn't exist - add as new provider, if it does - update it. The update will be a complete update and not a deep one (this means objects and arrays in the provided provider's update will be replaced completely and not updated).
```

> For this part, as we said before, assume providers are identified by their name, there are no duplicates in name. You should support **'upserting'**, which means that if a name doesn't exist - add as new provider, if it does - update it. The update will be a complete update and not a deep one (this means objects and arrays in the provided provider's update will be replaced completely and not updated).

Reviewer: 👍
